feat: compound v3 liquidatable positions bot (#4)
msacco8/Forta-Bots-Challenges: Forta-Bots-Challenge-4/liquidatable-positions/README.md

## Supported Chains

- Ethereum

## Alerts

- COMPIII-POSITION
  - Fired when a transaction contains a supply/withdraw function call indicating a newly tracked borrow position over the threshold
  - Severity is always set to "low"
  - Type is always set to "info" (mention any conditions where it could be something else)
  - Metadata
    - `accountOwner`: address of the account with open borrow position

- COMPIII-LIQUID
  - Fired when a currently cached position is liquidatable on it's respective base asset's Comet contract
  - Severity is always set to "high"
  - Type is always set to "info"
  - Metadata
    - `accountOwner`: address of the account with open borrow position
    - `balance`: current negative borrow balance of the account
    - `collateralBalances`: current collateral balance of the account for each supported collateral asset
    - `collateralQuotes`: current exchange rate of each supported collateral asset for 1 of the Comet instance's base asset

## Test Data

> The bot behaviour can be verified with the following transactions (note that transaction may be outdated and position may no longer be open):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bot behaviour can be verified with the following transactions:
- _Note_: Ttransaction may be outdated and position may no longer be open
```
Very small suggestion to have the note be on its own individual line
